About
Learn about how Novartis is organized and our strategy, vision and mission. Meet our people and read about our commitments to diversity, equity and inclusion. Explore our history which goes back more than 250 years.
Patients and Caregivers
Information for patients and their caregivers including clinical trial recruiting, managed access programs, funding opportunities for patient organizations and side effects reporting.
Healthcare Professionals
Resources for physicians and other healthcare professionals including clinical trial recruiting, grant funding, congresses and country-level information.
Research & Development
Discover how Novartis turns breakthrough science into transformative, high-value treatments. 
Environmental, Social and Governance
Learn about our commitments to making a positive impact on the world by providing access to innovative medicines, protecting the environment, and upholding high ethical standards. Explore the Novartis in Society Integrated Report.
Investors
Updates and resources for investors including financial information, disclosures, events, share price, ESG and reporting.
News
Information for journalists including media releases, statements, stories, multimedia resources and more.
Careers
Novartis is hiring! Find open positions, learn more about our strategy and culture, and apply today.
Clinical Trials
Find recruiting clinical trials and learn more about how to participate or work with Novartis on clinical studies. Read about our clinical trials transparency initiatives.
Partnering
Learn about our approach to partnering which combines capabilities, collaboration and culture.
Supplier Portal
Practical information and resources for suppliers around the world.
Report side effects
Let us know about any unwanted medical occurrences.
Contacts
Get in touch.
Home
Welcome to Novartis where we are reimagining medicine to improve and extend people’s lives.
Subscribe to get the latest news and updates from Novartis directly to your inbox. Unsubscribe if you no longer want to receive them. Select 'Publication Order Form' if you would like Novartis reports mailed to you.
For US residents only: click here(link is external)
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
