privacy
Novo Nordisk A/S is required by law to protect your personal data.
  This Notice explains how we process (e.g. collect, use, store, and
  share) your personal data  when you subscribe to Novo Nordisk News and
  company announcements. We will process any personal data about you in
  accordance with this Notice and with applicable law.
The company responsible for processing your personal data is:   Novo Nordisk A/S Novo Allé, 2880 Bagsværd Denmark Company
  number: 24256790 Email: Write us here Tel: +45 4444 8888
 You can always contact Novo Nordisk A/S or the Novo
  Nordisk   Data Privacy Officer at privacy@novonordisk.com with
  questions or concerns about how we process your personal data.
data privacy
We get your personal data from you directly
We get it from you when you subscribe
    to Novo Nordisk News and company announcements.
We process personal data about you to respond to your request for information.
You are not required to provide us with your personal data. If you do
  not want Novo Nordisk to use your personal data (e-mail), we will not
  be able to share news and company announcements from Novo Nordisk.
We may process your contact information (email address):
Because you provided the email when you subscribed to our News and
  consented to us saving this personal data.
Our processing of your personal data requires a legal basis. 
By law, we are allowed to process your personal data if you gave consent.
We may share your personal data with:
Suppliers or vendors that assist our company (e.g., consultants, IT
  service providers, financial institutions, law firms). Your data will
  be hosted and protected by Notified, who provide the system we use for
  sharing our news and company announcements.
We will keep your personal data for as long as needed to provide you with the services requested by you
If you wish to unsubscribe, you can always do so on News unsubscribe.
In general, you have the following rights:
Under applicable law, there may be limits on these rights depending
  on the specific circumstances of the processing activity. Contact us if
  you have questions or requests relating to these rights.
NOVO NORDISK HQ
Novo Nordisk A/S Novo Alle 1 2880
  Bagsværd   Denmark +45-4444-8888 CVR-no. 24256790
 
Our medicines are for the approved indication for which they
    are     authorised in the local country or region. For more
    information,     please visit our product page
Helpful links

                        Follow us
Find your local office
change
We use our own cookies as well as cookies from third parties. Cookies and the related processing of your personal data are used to remember your settings, traffic metrics, to present you with targeted adverts, and to track your use of our website. You can withdraw or change your consent by clicking on the cookie settings link at the bottom of this website. Your consent covers the use of cookies and the related processing of your personal data. Here you may read more on our Privacy policy Here you may read more on our cookie policy
Show details
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Unknown Category.
